README.md, before:

# Magic Mirror Module GHIN

The `GHIN` module is a <a href="https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror">MagicMirror</a> addon.
This module displays your official USGA handicap on your MagicMirror.

** This module currently is not working due to the use of ES6 style imports **

## How to use this module

1. Clone this repo with the following command: `git clone https://github.com/C-Deck/MMM-GHIN.git`
1. Install all the npm modules with either `yarn install` or `npm install`
1. Update your [Magic Mirror Config](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/blob/master/config/config.js.sample), by adding the following object:
   To use this module, add it to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:

```javascript
modules: [
  {
    module: 'MMM-GHIN',
    position: 'bottom_bar',
    config: {
      ghinNumber: '00000000', // Your GHIN Number
      updateInterval: 37000, // update interval in milliseconds
    },
  },
]
```

## 🛠️ Config

- `module` the name of the module you are installing.
- `position` where you want the handicap value to appear
- `ghinNumber` Your specific GHIN Number
- `updateInterval` default is set to 5 minutes

## ✨ Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](https://github.com/C-Deck/mmm-ghin/issues)

## Author

**Clint Decker**

- [github](https://www.github.com/C-Deck)

### ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Commit message:

Version update to 1.1.0
- Update api calls in response to the GHIN Api changes
- Added new config items for email and password.
   - Required for GHIN data

README.md, after:

# Magic Mirror Module GHIN

The `GHIN` module is a <a href="https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror">MagicMirror</a> addon.
This module displays your official USGA handicap on your MagicMirror.

** This module currently is not working due to the use of ES6 style imports **

## How to use this module

1. Clone this repo with the following command: `git clone https://github.com/C-Deck/MMM-GHIN.git`
1. Install all the npm modules with either `yarn install` or `npm install`
1. Update your [Magic Mirror Config](https://github.com/MichMich/MagicMirror/blob/master/config/config.js.sample), by adding the following object:
   To use this module, add it to the modules array in the `config/config.js` file:

```javascript
modules: [
  {
    module: 'MMM-GHIN',
    position: 'bottom_bar',
    config: {
      ghinNumber: '00000000', // Your GHIN Number
      updateInterval: 37000, // Update interval in milliseconds,
      email: 'johndoe@gmail.com', // Your login email for GHIN
      password: 'password', // Your login password for GHIN
    },
  },
]
```

## 🛠️ Config

- `module` the name of the module you are installing.
- `position` where you want the handicap value to appear
- `ghinNumber` Your specific GHIN Number
- `updateInterval` default is set to 5 minutes
- `email` Your email for logging in on your GHIN account
- `password` Your password for logging in on your GHIN account

## ✨ Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](https://github.com/C-Deck/mmm-ghin/issues)

## Author

**Clint Decker**

- [github](https://www.github.com/C-Deck)

### ⚖️ License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
